DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# Deployment Guide

This guide will help you deploy the Freedom Fighters backend to a free hosting platform for testing.

## Prerequisites

1. GitHub account (code should be pushed to a repository)
2. MongoDB Atlas account (free tier)
3. Account on your chosen hosting platform

## Step 1: Set Up MongoDB Atlas (Free Tier)

1. Go to [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas/register)
2. Create a free account
3. Create a new cluster (M0 - Free tier)
4. Wait for cluster to be created (~3-5 minutes)
5. Click "Connect" → "Connect your application"
6. Copy the connection string (looks like: `mongodb+srv://username:password@cluster.mongodb.net/`)
7. Replace `<password>` with your database user password
8. Add database name: `mongodb+srv://...@cluster.mongodb.net/freedom-fighters`
9. Go to "Network Access" → "Add IP Address" → "Allow Access from Anywhere" (0.0.0.0/0) for testing

**Save this connection string** - you'll need it for environment variables.

## Step 2: Choose Your Platform

### Option A: Railway (Recommended - No Cold Starts)

**Setup:**
1. Go to [Railway](https://railway.app/)
2. Sign up with GitHub
3. Click "New Project" → "Deploy from GitHub repo"
4. Select your `ff-master-control` repository
5. Railway will auto-detect it's a Node.js app

**Environment Variables:**
Click on your service → "Variables" tab → Add:
- `MONGODB_URI` = your MongoDB Atlas connection string
- `JWT_SECRET` = generate a random string (e.g., use `openssl rand -base64 32`)
- `JWT_EXPIRES_IN` = `24h`
- `PORT` = Railway sets this automatically, but you can leave it

**Deploy:**
- Railway auto-deploys on git push
- Get your URL from the "Settings" → "Domains" section

**Cost:** Free tier includes $5/month credit (usually enough for small apps)

---

### Option B: Render (Free Tier with Cold Starts)

**Setup:**
1. Go to [Render](https://render.com/)
2. Sign up with GitHub
3. Click "New" → "Web Service"
4. Connect your `ff-master-control` repository
5. Render will auto-detect settings

**Configuration:**
- **Name:** `ff-master-control`
- **Environment:** `Node`
- **Build Command:** `npm ci && npm run build`
- **Start Command:** `npm run start:prod`
- **Instance Type:** Free

**Environment Variables:**
Add in the "Environment" section:
- `MONGODB_URI` = your MongoDB Atlas connection string
- `JWT_SECRET` = generate a random string
- `JWT_EXPIRES_IN` = `24h`
- `NODE_ENV` = `production`

**Deploy:**
- Click "Create Web Service"
- Render will build and deploy
- Get your URL (e.g., `https://ff-master-control.onrender.com`)

**Note:** Free tier sleeps after 15 minutes of inactivity. First request after sleep takes ~30 seconds.

**Cost:** Free

---

## Step 3: Test Your Deployment

1. Once deployed, visit `https://your-app-url/graphql`
2. You should see the GraphQL Playground
3. Test the login mutation:

```graphql
mutation {
  login(input: { username: "admin", password: "password" }) {
    access_token
    user {
      username
      role
    }
  }
}
```

**Note:** You'll need to create a user first. See "Creating Your First Admin User" below.

## Step 4: Create Your First Admin User

Since user creation requires admin access, you'll need to create an admin user manually. You have two options:

### Option A: Use MongoDB Compass (Easiest)

1. Download [MongoDB Compass](https://www.mongodb.com/products/compass)
2. Connect using your MongoDB Atlas connection string
3. Navigate to `freedom-fighters` database → `users` collection
4. Insert a document:

```json
{
  "username": "admin",
  "password": "$2b$10$YourHashedPasswordHere",
  "role": "admin",
  "createdAt": "2024-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
  "updatedAt": "2024-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
}
```

**To hash a password:**
- Use Node.js: `node -e "const bcrypt = require('bcrypt'); bcrypt.hash('yourpassword', 10).then(console.log)"`
- Or use an online bcrypt generator (for testing only)

### Option B: Create a Seed Script (Recommended)

Create `scripts/seed-admin.ts`:

```typescript
import { NestFactory } from '@nestjs/core';
import { AppModule } from '../src/app.module';
import { UsersService } from '../src/users/users.service';

async function bootstrap() {
  const app = await NestFactory.createApplicationContext(AppModule);
  const usersService = app.get(UsersService);
  
  try {
    await usersService.create({
      username: 'admin',
      password: 'changeme123',
      role: 'admin',
    });
    console.log('Admin user created successfully!');
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error creating admin user:', error.message);
  }
  
  await app.close();
}

bootstrap();
```

Run locally with MongoDB connection, then use the created user.

## Step 5: Update CORS (If Needed)

If your PWA frontend is on a different domain, update CORS in `src/main.ts`:

```typescript
app.enableCors({
  origin: ['https://your-frontend-domain.com'],
  credentials: true,
});
```

## Troubleshooting

**Build fails:**
- Check that all dependencies are in `package.json`
- Ensure Node.js version is 18+ (platforms usually auto-detect)

**Database connection fails:**
- Verify MongoDB Atlas IP whitelist includes `0.0.0.0/0`
- Check connection string is correct
- Ensure database user password is correct

**GraphQL playground not accessible:**
- Check the URL includes `/graphql` path
- Verify the service is running (check logs)

**401 Unauthorized:**
- Verify JWT_SECRET is set
- Check token is being sent in Authorization header: `Bearer <token>`

## Environment Variables Reference

| Variable | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `MONGODB_URI` | MongoDB connection string | `mongodb+srv://user:pass@cluster.mongodb.net/freedom-fighters` |
| `JWT_SECRET` | Secret for JWT signing | Random 32+ character string |
| `JWT_EXPIRES_IN` | Token expiration | `24h` |
| `PORT` | Server port (auto-set by platform) | `3000` |
| `NODE_ENV` | Environment | `production` |

## Next Steps

1. Test all GraphQL queries/mutations
2. Create test teams with NFC card IDs
3. Create missions
4. Test mission completion flow
5. Test store credit adjustments
6. Set up your React PWA frontend to connect to this backend

## Support

For platform-specific issues:
- Railway: [Docs](https://docs.railway.app/)
- Render: [Docs](https://render.com/docs)

Commit message:

feat: :sparkles: removed nfc and replaced with team id

DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# Deployment Guide

This guide will help you deploy the Freedom Fighters backend to a free hosting platform for testing.

## Prerequisites

1. GitHub account (code should be pushed to a repository)
2. MongoDB Atlas account (free tier)
3. Account on your chosen hosting platform

## Step 1: Set Up MongoDB Atlas (Free Tier)

1. Go to [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas/register)
2. Create a free account
3. Create a new cluster (M0 - Free tier)
4. Wait for cluster to be created (~3-5 minutes)
5. Click "Connect" → "Connect your application"
6. Copy the connection string (looks like: `mongodb+srv://username:password@cluster.mongodb.net/`)
7. Replace `<password>` with your database user password
8. Add database name: `mongodb+srv://...@cluster.mongodb.net/freedom-fighters`
9. Go to "Network Access" → "Add IP Address" → "Allow Access from Anywhere" (0.0.0.0/0) for testing

**Save this connection string** - you'll need it for environment variables.

## Step 2: Choose Your Platform

### Option A: Railway (Recommended - No Cold Starts)

**Setup:**
1. Go to [Railway](https://railway.app/)
2. Sign up with GitHub
3. Click "New Project" → "Deploy from GitHub repo"
4. Select your `ff-master-control` repository
5. Railway will auto-detect it's a Node.js app

**Environment Variables:**
Click on your service → "Variables" tab → Add:
- `MONGODB_URI` = your MongoDB Atlas connection string
- `JWT_SECRET` = generate a random string (e.g., use `openssl rand -base64 32`)
- `JWT_EXPIRES_IN` = `24h`
- `PORT` = Railway sets this automatically, but you can leave it

**Deploy:**
- Railway auto-deploys on git push
- Get your URL from the "Settings" → "Domains" section

**Cost:** Free tier includes $5/month credit (usually enough for small apps)

---

### Option B: Render (Free Tier with Cold Starts)

**Setup:**
1. Go to [Render](https://render.com/)
2. Sign up with GitHub
3. Click "New" → "Web Service"
4. Connect your `ff-master-control` repository
5. Render will auto-detect settings

**Configuration:**
- **Name:** `ff-master-control`
- **Environment:** `Node`
- **Build Command:** `npm ci && npm run build`
- **Start Command:** `npm run start:prod`
- **Instance Type:** Free

**Environment Variables:**
Add in the "Environment" section:
- `MONGODB_URI` = your MongoDB Atlas connection string
- `JWT_SECRET` = generate a random string
- `JWT_EXPIRES_IN` = `24h`
- `NODE_ENV` = `production`

**Deploy:**
- Click "Create Web Service"
- Render will build and deploy
- Get your URL (e.g., `https://ff-master-control.onrender.com`)

**Note:** Free tier sleeps after 15 minutes of inactivity. First request after sleep takes ~30 seconds.

**Cost:** Free

---

## Step 3: Test Your Deployment

1. Once deployed, visit `https://your-app-url/graphql`
2. You should see the GraphQL Playground
3. Test the login mutation:

```graphql
mutation {
  login(input: { username: "admin", password: "password" }) {
    access_token
    user {
      username
      role
    }
  }
}
```

**Note:** You'll need to create a user first. See "Creating Your First Admin User" below.

## Step 4: Create Your First Admin User

Since user creation requires admin access, you'll need to create an admin user manually. You have two options:

### Option A: Use MongoDB Compass (Easiest)

1. Download [MongoDB Compass](https://www.mongodb.com/products/compass)
2. Connect using your MongoDB Atlas connection string
3. Navigate to `freedom-fighters` database → `users` collection
4. Insert a document:

```json
{
  "username": "admin",
  "password": "$2b$10$YourHashedPasswordHere",
  "role": "admin",
  "createdAt": "2024-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
  "updatedAt": "2024-01-01T00:00:00.000Z"
}
```

**To hash a password:**
- Use Node.js: `node -e "const bcrypt = require('bcrypt'); bcrypt.hash('yourpassword', 10).then(console.log)"`
- Or use an online bcrypt generator (for testing only)

### Option B: Create a Seed Script (Recommended)

Create `scripts/seed-admin.ts`:

```typescript
import { NestFactory } from '@nestjs/core';
import { AppModule } from '../src/app.module';
import { UsersService } from '../src/users/users.service';

async function bootstrap() {
  const app = await NestFactory.createApplicationContext(AppModule);
  const usersService = app.get(UsersService);
  
  try {
    await usersService.create({
      username: 'admin',
      password: 'changeme123',
      role: 'admin',
    });
    console.log('Admin user created successfully!');
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error creating admin user:', error.message);
  }
  
  await app.close();
}

bootstrap();
```

Run locally with MongoDB connection, then use the created user.

## Step 5: Update CORS (If Needed)

If your PWA frontend is on a different domain, update CORS in `src/main.ts`:

```typescript
app.enableCors({
  origin: ['https://your-frontend-domain.com'],
  credentials: true,
});
```

## Troubleshooting

**Build fails:**
- Check that all dependencies are in `package.json`
- Ensure Node.js version is 18+ (platforms usually auto-detect)

**Database connection fails:**
- Verify MongoDB Atlas IP whitelist includes `0.0.0.0/0`
- Check connection string is correct
- Ensure database user password is correct

**GraphQL playground not accessible:**
- Check the URL includes `/graphql` path
- Verify the service is running (check logs)

**401 Unauthorized:**
- Verify JWT_SECRET is set
- Check token is being sent in Authorization header: `Bearer <token>`

## Environment Variables Reference

| Variable | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `MONGODB_URI` | MongoDB connection string | `mongodb+srv://user:pass@cluster.mongodb.net/freedom-fighters` |
| `JWT_SECRET` | Secret for JWT signing | Random 32+ character string |
| `JWT_EXPIRES_IN` | Token expiration | `24h` |
| `PORT` | Server port (auto-set by platform) | `3000` |
| `NODE_ENV` | Environment | `production` |

## Next Steps

1. Test all GraphQL queries/mutations
2. Create test teams (name + 4-digit PIN) and use the returned Team GUID to log in
3. Create missions
4. Test mission completion flow
5. Test store credit adjustments
6. Set up your React PWA frontend to connect to this backend

## Event reset (recommended each year)

Because teams are ephemeral and the Team schema requires `teamGuid` + `pinHash`, the safest approach is to **delete all teams before the event** and let kids create new ones during the event.

To delete all teams from the database:

```bash
CONFIRM=true npm run reset:teams
```

Or, from the Admin UI, use the “Delete All Teams” action (admin-only).

## Support

For platform-specific issues:
- Railway: [Docs](https://docs.railway.app/)
- Render: [Docs](https://render.com/docs)
